---
layout: post
title:  De Juleløses Jul
description: 
image:  '/images/datadata/lyd-og-musik.jpg'
tags:   [Project-Manegement, Volunteer, Booking, Work]
featured: false
showdate: false
---

# About
[Juleløses Jul](https://www.juleloesesjul.com/) is an annual Christmas Eve tradition held in the iconic **Den Grå Hal** at Christiania, Copenhagen. The event brings together over 1,200 people from all walks of life who might otherwise have no place to celebrate the holiday. With warm meals, heartfelt entertainment, and an inclusive atmosphere, Juleløses Jul embodies the spirit of community, kindness, and shared joy.  

### **My Role in Juleløses Jul**  
As part of the organizing team, I contribute to making this extraordinary event possible by overseeing and coordinating critical aspects of the evening:  
- **Program & Booking Management:** I am responsible for curating and booking the evening’s entertainment, ensuring an unforgettable experience for all attendees.  
- **Technical Coordination:** From sound and lighting to stage design, I manage the technical details to bring the event’s vision to life.  
- **Volunteer Coordination:** I assist in briefing and guiding the 100+ volunteers who make the event run smoothly.  

Juleløses Jul is more than just an event—it’s a labor of love, built on the dedication of volunteers and the belief that everyone deserves to feel welcome and included, especially during the holiday season.  

Explore this page to learn more about the event, its history, and the impact it continues to make in fostering community and goodwill.  



<hr>
